docs: keyring HTTP API documentation (#14513)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/api-docs/operator/keyring.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: Keyring - Operator - HTTP API
description: |-
  The /operator/keyring endpoints provide tools for Nomad operators to interact with the root keyring.
---

# Keyring Operator HTTP API

The `/operator/keyring` endpoints manage encryption root keys used for storing
variables and signing workload, including examining active encryption keys,
rotating keys, or removing unused keys.

See the [Key Management] documentation for information how these capabilities

> are used. For a CLI to perform these operations manually, please see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are used. For instructions on how to use the CLI to perform these operations manually, please see the
```

This is a suggestion only. What you wrote it grammatically correct, it just didn't feel  natural to me.  This is just subjective feedback so feel free to ignore.

Author: Sure, that works

---
layout: api
page_title: Keyring - Operator - HTTP API
description: |-
  The /operator/keyring endpoints provide tools for Nomad operators to interact with the root keyring.
---

# Keyring Operator HTTP API

The `/operator/keyring` endpoints manage encryption root keys used for storing

> variables and signing workload, including examining active encryption keys,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
variables and signing workload identities, including examining active encryption keys,
```
